I used to play swimming.
I used to swim with my parents.
Reading Signets was my first swimming club.
No, Reading.
I'm in two different swimming clubs.
One club in Aberystwyth, locally.
And I'm going to Cardiff, having a card of comedians.
Canadian Branch.
How long have you been going there then?
Quite a while.
Over 20 odd years.
I've been in the Special Olympics.
Going back since I was quite young.
All over the UK.
Leicester.
Sheffield.
Portrante.
Glasgow.
And Belgium.
I was a part of the Special Olympics GB team.
I entered the European Games in 2014.
I took Belgium away and I'm in the EuroStars.
It's fun.
It's quite a far from Scotland.
England.
Quite a lot in Scotland and England.
And Wales is just the one.
Training is different.
But in competition...
the longest is 100 metres.
The last one was in 2017.
Of course, Covid played a part of it.
So that would mean, go ahead.
You have a lot of medals.
I've been going back since the 1980s.
When I first started swimming.
Very close finishes.
Still, I swim a lot tonight.
I go to the P plus Greek.
And how often do you go?
Every Tuesday.
In squad training,
normally somebody from the Cardiff Millions.
All major competitions all over.
South Wales.
Llanelli, Gendydon, my coach.
The Dome Park, even though I'm up in Kecamdee.
Is there anyone else up here with you?
I'm the only one in the Special Olympics.
You have a lot of medals.
I've been going back since the 1980s.
When I first started swimming.
Very close finishes.
Still, I swim a lot tonight.
I go to the P plus Greek.
And how often do you go?
Every Tuesday.
In squad training,
normally somebody from the Cardiff Millions.
All major competitions all over.
South Wales.
Llanelli, Gendydon, my coach.
Not really, because the Dome Park, even though I'm up in Kecamdee.
Is there anyone else up here with you?
I'm the only one in the Special Olympics.
How often would you say you go down then, do you think?
Sometimes at the gala.
And do they happen quite often, the galas?
Sometimes and always.
I go all the way to my PA.
And I'm their coach.
How are they being me?
They're in different sports.
They're in different abilities.
What words would you use to describe that?
In a culture.